http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Npc_IdolA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Npc_IdolA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Npc_IdolB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Npc_IdolB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliRopeAndLights.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliRopeAndLights.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_HangingFesDeco.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_HangingFesDeco.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_ScatterFesDeco.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_ScatterFesDeco.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyNight03.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyNight03.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyNight07.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyNight07.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Env.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Env.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Layout.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Layout.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Player.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Player.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Static.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Static.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/Env_Hiagari.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/Env_Hiagari.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Boot.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Boot.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Lobby.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Lobby.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Match.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Match.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultLose.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultLose.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultWin.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultWin.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_SCLive_LastBossIdol_BU.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_SCLive_LastBossIdol_BU.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS_Festival.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS_Festival.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_Last1min.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_Last1min.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_StartDemo.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_StartDemo.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS07.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS07.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS08.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS08.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS09.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS09.bfstm
