http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_EUde.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_EUde.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_EUen.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_EUen.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_EUes.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_EUes.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_EUfr.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_EUfr.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_EUit.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_EUit.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_JPja.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_JPja.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_USen.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_USen.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_USes.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_USes.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Message/CommonMsg_USfr.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Message/CommonMsg_USfr.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Brd_Pigeon00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Brd_Pigeon00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Carousel00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Carousel00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Court00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Court00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa00_2.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa00_2.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa01_2.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa01_2.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa02_2.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa02_2.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa03_2.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa03_2.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa05.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa05.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa06.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa06.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa07.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa07.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa08.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa08.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa09.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa09.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa10.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa10.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa19.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa19.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa24.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Deli_Octa24.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Ditch01.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Ditch01.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Hiagari00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Hiagari00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Kawa00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Kawa00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Line00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Line00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Nagasaki00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Nagasaki00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Pillar00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Pillar00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Plaza00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Plaza00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_PlazaLobby.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_PlazaLobby.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Unduck01.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Unduck01.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Upland00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Upland00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Venue00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Venue00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Fld_Wave00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Fld_Wave00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaAreaWallA_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaAreaWallA_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaAreaWallB_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaAreaWallB_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaHokoFloorA_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaHokoFloorA_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaHokoFloorB_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaHokoFloorB_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaPipeA_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaPipeA_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaPipeB_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaPipeB_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaPipeC_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaPipeC_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaSlope_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaSlope_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaWallA_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaWallA_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/KawaWallB_NoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/KawaWallB_NoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_Bridge.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_Bridge.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselBridgeMoveA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselBridgeMoveA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselBridgeMoveB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselBridgeMoveB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselCircleFloorMove.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselCircleFloorMove.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselCircleFloorStop.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselCircleFloorStop.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectYaguraA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectYaguraA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectYaguraB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselProtectYaguraB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardAStop.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardAStop.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardBStop.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselSignboardBStop.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselWallLeft.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselWallLeft.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselWallRight.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselWallRight.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CarouselWallSide.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CarouselWallSide.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_CaviarCan.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_CaviarCan.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiBox.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiBox.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiCenter.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiCenter.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiCenter2.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiCenter2.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiCenterSide.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiCenterSide.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteidome.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteidome.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiRoad.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliKakuteiRoad.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliPan.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliPan.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliScaleAmiA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliScaleAmiA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliScaleFulcrumA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliScaleFulcrumA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliScaleFulcrumB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliScaleFulcrumB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliScaleFulcrumC.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliScaleFulcrumC.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliSlide.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliSlide.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DeliSlidekanban.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DeliSlidekanban.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_DowntownTrain.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_DowntownTrain.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_IkakaesiCover30.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_IkakaesiCover30.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_KawaCenterObj.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_KawaCenterObj.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_KawaCenterObjNet.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_KawaCenterObjNet.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_KawaCenterPole.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_KawaCenterPole.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_KawaHokoFence.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_KawaHokoFence.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_KawaHokoSlope.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_KawaHokoSlope.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_OctCanon00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_OctCanon00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_OctPushBox00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_OctPushBox00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_OctPushBox01.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_OctPushBox01.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_OctWindmill00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_OctWindmill00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_OctWindmill01.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_OctWindmill01.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_PillarPatrolSfip.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_PillarPatrolSfip.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_TransparencyCenter.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_TransparencyCenter.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_TransparencyInside.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_TransparencyInside.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_TransparencySide.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_TransparencySide.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_TunnelCenterBox.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_TunnelCenterBox.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_TuzuraSlopeIron00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_TuzuraSlopeIron00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_TuzuraSlopeIron01.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_TuzuraSlopeIron01.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_UplandArtY.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_UplandArtY.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_UplandHokoSlope.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_UplandHokoSlope.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_UplandHokoWall.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_UplandHokoWall.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_UplandNet.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_UplandNet.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_UplandNetStep.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_UplandNetStep.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_WaveAreaHako.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_WaveAreaHako.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_WaveSlope.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_WaveSlope.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_WaveWallA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_WaveWallA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_WaveWallB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_WaveWallB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Lft_WaveYaguraHako.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Lft_WaveYaguraHako.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Npc_IdolA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Npc_IdolA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Npc_IdolB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Npc_IdolB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Npc_Judge.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Npc_Judge.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_BunkerCliff02.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_BunkerCliff02.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CarouselFreeFall.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CarouselFreeFall.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CarouselMerryGoRound.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CarouselMerryGoRound.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CarouselPaintWallA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CarouselPaintWallA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CarouselPaintWallB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CarouselPaintWallB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CarouselPaintWallC.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CarouselPaintWallC.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CarouselRotationAttractions.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CarouselRotationAttractions.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CenterPillarNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CenterPillarNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CenterPillarNoPaintNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CenterPillarNoPaintNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CenterPillarYaguraNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CenterPillarYaguraNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtAmiFloorAA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtAmiFloorAA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtAmiFloorAB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtAmiFloorAB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtAmiFloorAC.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtAmiFloorAC.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtAreaAmiA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtAreaAmiA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtAreaAmiB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtAreaAmiB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtAreaAmiC.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtAreaAmiC.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtGoal.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtGoal.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtGoalAmi.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtGoalAmi.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtHokoWall.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtHokoWall.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtHokoYuka.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtHokoYuka.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtYagauraDai.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtYagauraDai.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_CourtYagauraFloor.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_CourtYagauraFloor.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DecaDenden00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DecaDenden00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DecaDenden01.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DecaDenden01.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DecaDenden02.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DecaDenden02.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DecaDenden03.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DecaDenden03.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_Deli06Miiverse.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_Deli06Miiverse.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliBowlingPinNeon.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliBowlingPinNeon.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliBuildingA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliBuildingA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliBuildingB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliBuildingB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliChampagne.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliChampagne.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliConcrete.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliConcrete.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliGasTankRod.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliGasTankRod.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliGumballMachineSmall.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliGumballMachineSmall.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliHighWay.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliHighWay.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliJembe.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliJembe.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliOcta.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliOcta.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliRoof.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliRoof.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliRopeAndLights.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliRopeAndLights.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliSignBoardsA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliSignBoardsA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliSignBoardsB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliSignBoardsB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliStar.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliStar.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDebliStarCode.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDebliStarCode.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDRC.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDRC.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliDV.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliDV.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliHelicopterS.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliHelicopterS.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliHelicopterSSpeaker.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliHelicopterSSpeaker.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliQuickAmiA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliQuickAmiA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliQuickAmiB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliQuickAmiB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DeliQuickWall.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DeliQuickWall.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DendenGate.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DendenGate.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DitchHokoSlope.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DitchHokoSlope.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DitchIkanban.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DitchIkanban.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DitchSlope.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DitchSlope.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DitchStoneBridge.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DitchStoneBridge.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DitchWoodBox.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DitchWoodBox.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DitchWoodBoxCenter.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DitchWoodBoxCenter.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_DitchZeep.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_DitchZeep.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_FlagANoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_FlagANoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_FlagBNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_FlagBNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_FlagCNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_FlagCNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_GeneralBox.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_GeneralBox.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_GeneralBoxHalfPaint.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_GeneralBoxHalfPaint.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_GeneralBoxNoPaint.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_GeneralBoxNoPaint.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_GeneralSlope.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_GeneralSlope.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_IidaBombOnline.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_IidaBombOnline.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_InkRail.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_InkRail.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_JerryCarousel00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_JerryCarousel00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_JerryCarousel01.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_JerryCarousel01.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_JerryCarousel02.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_JerryCarousel02.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_KawaMesh.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_KawaMesh.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_LastFesNeonVR.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_LastFesNeonVR.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_LastFestIdolVehicleOnline.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_LastFestIdolVehicleOnline.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_LineAreahako.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_LineAreahako.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_LineCircleHangingSign.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_LineCircleHangingSign.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_LineFence.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_LineFence.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_ScatfoldANoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_ScatfoldANoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_ScatfoldBNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_ScatfoldBNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_ScatfoldCNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_ScatfoldCNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_ScatfoldDNoFld.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_ScatfoldDNoFld.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_SeaBindBuoy.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_SeaBindBuoy.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_StreamingCourtTV.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_StreamingCourtTV.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_TentaclesBLastFest.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_TentaclesBLastFest.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_TunnelGeneralSlopeNoPaint.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_TunnelGeneralSlopeNoPaint.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UnduckFenceA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UnduckFenceA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UnduckFenceB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UnduckFenceB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UnduckSlopeA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UnduckSlopeA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UnduckSlopeB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UnduckSlopeB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UplandPartition.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UplandPartition.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UplandPartitionPair.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UplandPartitionPair.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UplandSculpture.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UplandSculpture.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_UplandSekko.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_UplandSekko.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueAreaSlopeA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueAreaSlopeA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueHokoKabeA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueHokoKabeA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueMoveSpotLight.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueMoveSpotLight.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueMoveSpotLightB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueMoveSpotLightB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueMoveSpotLightC.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueMoveSpotLightC.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueSlopeA.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueSlopeA.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueSlopeB.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueSlopeB.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Obj_VenueTV.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Obj_VenueTV.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_CoopSunset.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_CoopSunset.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyDowntown00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyDowntown00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyKawa00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyKawa00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyNight02.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyNight02.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyNight03.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyNight03.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyNight04.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyNight04.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyNight09.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyNight09.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyPillar00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyPillar00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyUpland00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyUpland00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/VR_SkyVenue00.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/VR_SkyVenue00.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Wmn_BigBall_Diffusion.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Wmn_BigBall_Diffusion.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Model/Wmn_Gatling_Quick_REF.szs sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Model/Wmn_Gatling_Quick_REF.szs
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Env.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Env.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Layout.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Layout.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Player.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Player.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Static.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Static.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Pack/Weapon.pack sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Pack/Weapon.pack
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/Env_Hiagari.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/Env_Hiagari.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/Env_Pivot.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/Env_Pivot.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Boot.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_Boot.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultLose.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultLose.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultWin.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_ResultWin.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_SCLive_LastBossIdol_BU.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_SCLive_LastBossIdol_BU.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS03.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS03.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS04.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS04.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS05.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS05.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS06.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS06.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS07.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS07.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS08.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS08.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS09.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS09.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_Last1min.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_Last1min.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_StartDemo.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VSFest_StartDemo.bfstm
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sheldon10095/Splatfestival_StaffFiles/master/ExtraFiles/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS_Festival.bfstm sd:/SFDL_cafiine/00050000FFFFFFFF/CustomSplatfest/content/Sound/Resource/Stream/STRM_VS_Festival.bfstm